README.md, before:

# seqr-mobile-translations

This repository contains the translations files for [SEQR Mobile App](https://dhiway.com/seqr).

We have linked this up with [POEditor](https://poeditor.com/join/project?hash=Ij5xDQ3rhR), please join there and feel free to edit.

## How to contribute

It is advised that you install [Dhiway's SEQR App](https://dhiway.com/seqr) first. Get a feel for the app by Scanning few QR codes you encounter. That would help you to understand the grouping of messages in the files here.

All translations are present in `locale/` directory. The files inside are created in a key value type of manner (`.csv` format). Make sure that you are not altering `key` in any of your translation, as the keys are used in the code to pick the corresponding translation.

### New translation

Pick a language you want to contribute. Pick a language you would like to translate. Copy the `English.csv` file as `YourLanguage.csv` file. Provide translations to as many keys as possible.

### Making edits

If there is already a translation exists for the language you want to contribute, do check in the file, and see if it can be improved further.

## Reviews and Merges

We are very greatful if you can create a Pull Request (PR) after the changes. But if you are not used to the github flow, you can send the edited files to us. Please note that out of gratitude we prefer to keep your Name as contributor here. If you prefer not to have it, do let us know!

For changes you made, if you prefer to send email instead of PR, send it to feedback at dhiway.com

Commit message:

remove csv files, and make json as default, so project can read the file as is
Signed-off-by: Amar Tumballi <amar@kadalu.io>

README.md, after:

# seqr-mobile-translations

This repository contains the translations files for [SEQR Mobile App](https://dhiway.com/seqr).

We have linked this up with [POEditor](https://poeditor.com/join/project?hash=Ij5xDQ3rhR), please join there and feel free to edit.

## How to contribute

It is advised that you install [Dhiway's SEQR App](https://dhiway.com/seqr) first. Get a feel for the app by Scanning few QR codes you encounter. That would help you to understand the grouping of messages in the files here.

All translations are present in `locale/` directory. The files inside are created in a key value type of manner (`.json` format). Make sure that you are not altering `key` in any of your translation, as the keys are used in the code to pick the corresponding translation.

### Making edits

It is easy to make changes in POEditor, and once you are done there, we will pull the changes from there automatically! Do write to us so we can Add Credits in the Repo!

## Reviews and Merges

We are very greatful if you can make changes, and send update. Please note that out of gratitude we prefer to keep your Name as contributor here. If you prefer not to have it, do let us know!

For changes you made, if you prefer to send email instead of poeditor changes, send it to `feedback@dhiway.com`
